The Cold Wallet

The diner smell of old grease and cleaning products was the only thing that could penetrate the grey of his emotions. Jeremy stood behind the counter, numb, watching the bubbling of frying eggs on a flat top. His boss is irate, his customer is impatient, and his coworkers are incompetent. As the auto-spatula moves underneath the white and yellow blobs, his mind drifts to his dreams as  his finger pushes the red "Serve Customer" button. 

"Come and join us in paradise. All exclusive lifetime reward." A beautiful dark-haired woman said on his visor screen. It's night now, and Jeremy is laying is in single bed, in a room so small he could almost touch the four walls at the same time if he really spread himself out. Around him, constant noise. Only blocked out by his sound-cancelling earbuds as he lazily drifted into the words being told to him. "Don't suffer any longer. Your dreams can be yours. Join us at Happy Endings." 

It was an advertisement he looked up. He had watched it many times and remember how it made him feel. He had talked to some others about it, and most people openly said they didn't want any part of it. Jeremy knew why. The ad was for a suicide service. Jeremy only even found the ad after his visor's algorithm detected sadness and low status. Sad low-status people are no longer encouraged to "pull themselves up by their bootstraps". They're actually encouraged to die. Paid for it even. Any next-of-kin would receive a small bonus of 5,000 credits directly debited to their account upon your departure. 

Jeremy wanted to die. He didn't necessarily want to kill himself, but he wasn't happy with his life by any stretch of the imagination. He just wanted one moment of happiness. One moment where he felt like he was doing the right thing and could feel good about it. Happy Endings guaranteed that, chemically. 

They provide a wide range of options for ending one's own life. Ever since the creation of the UC (United Corporations), the idea of life and property changed to better serve the global interest business model. No longer were businesses  held back by something as silly as "morality and ethics" and instead, driving a profit motive was done by any means necessary. Suicide booths, or even full-on suicide stores just so happen to fit right along side that new "Social Business Model". It also just so happen that Jeremy, was literally worth more dead than alive and the experience he would get from it would be the "Experience of a Lifetime, Guaranteed". 

Still, that doesn't mean he got off scott-free. They make you pay for that experience. Yes, he was worth quite a lot, but that only amounted to a discount on the services rendered. Jeremy still had to pony up the cash to actually buy the service. So, he saved his money each paycheck to try and buy the "Ultimate Eternal Orgasm Experience", worth a whopping 5,000 credits. The price, being exactly the same as what the next-of-kin payout is, and advertised as "Worth a Lifetime". 

The problem is, saving didn't stimulate the economy.The United Federal Monetary Reserve (UFMR) was responsible for setting the interest rates on inflation of the money. However, since all the resources were owned by the corporations anyway, any printing of money sent inflation through the roof. To solve this, the UFMR dictated exactly how much money was worth by moving the decimal place left or right. This was determined by the overall savings rate, and how much people were spending in the economy. Through this brilliant and unrivaled model, society hummed along swimmingly and every stockholder continually made great gains. Whever the UFMR intervened, which was each saturday at 12:00am, it didn't matter to the rich or the poor, because prices stayed stable, and they always had more or less the same value of money at the beginning of each week. The difference was towards the end of the week, where money became incredibly valuable, right before the reset. At this time as well, great "discounts" were often offered to encourage people to spend their money as quickly as possible. 

Jeremy tried everything he could to save the money in his cold wallet. His hot wallet was located "on the chain" and thus, was subject to chain taxes and fees. However this cold wallet, could sit perpetually with no taxes or fees. If they money had value, you could spend it. Aye, but that was the hard part. While he saved each week, his money would slowly be depleted by the UFMR interest rate adjustment. Still, it was worth it. A frycook at a diner doesn't make many credits, but he was determined. The Ultra Orgasm Experience was the only way out of the hell that was his reality. 

Jeremy suffered from a mental disorder known as memory asphyxia. Basically, whenever he was under pressure and had to remember something important, he would "choke". He couldn't remember anything and he would flounder. The standardized testing consortium viewes this as "unproductive" and thus, he was disqualified from just about any job making over 500 credits a week. The Experience he wanted costed 5000, and it wouldn't be easy to save up with the UFMR's cuts every week. Still, he was determined and worked three jobs in an effort to get ahead. 

That wasn't his only problem. It seemed everywhere he went, businesses, security services, and his friends "knew" how much money he had. While 5,000 isn't very much money in the grand scheme it was sure a hell of a lot to Jeremy and his friends and family. It seemed like they knew, because they did. Everyone balance was public, one only had to look it up. That's what most people spent doing to one another constantly to make sure that everyone "paid their fair share" to the community. Only a cold wallet could hide the funds, and then only temporarily. 

Still, Jeremy was smart. He had heard that there was something called "mixing" which allowed a person to hide the funds from friends, family, and advertisers. If Businesses know you have money, they're legally allowed to charge you more if they want. So the essentials were always the first ones to jack up prices. Ironically, the opposite effect happened for luxury goods. The more money you had, the cheaper they were as the businesses would offer great discounts. 

It had been six months and Jeremy had done it. He had finally saved up 5,000 credits and was on his way to Happy Endings. He had been listening to the brand's theme song on repeat all day at work, and it was like he was on fire. His manager at all three jobs gave him great remarks and said "If you keep this up, you may even have my job one day". This was the most frightening thing anyone could say to him, as these were not people nor positions Jeremy wanted to be in. It motivated him all the way up until Saturday night. He shook as he put on his final resting clothes. An important outfit, as before your death a photo is taken is placed on your digital gravestone permanently. He wore a black jacket with a black collared shirt and a black tie. None of the black colors matched each other. He felt it suited him. 

He strode out of his downtown apartment complex confidently with a smile from ear to ear. Today was the day, his suffering was finally over. He would enjoy the "Experience of a Lifetime". Something most people never get to have. However, he wasn't alone. Behind him a group of 5 youths dressed in masks weilding clubs fashoned from scrap wood rollerskated up to him quickly as he made his way down the three blocks to Happy Endings. 

They beat him mercilessly. Jeremy curled up into a ball covering his head with his hands with his credit stick in his mouth. They repeatedly beat him over the back. They wanted his his money and they were willing to kill him for it. He glanced around and noticed that he recognized one of the youths. It was his younger cousin. He must have been watching his account and told his friends. His mother always hated Jeremy, and probably told the kid that he was a loser. Still, Jeremy would not give up his credit stick for anything. 

It was over as quickly as it began as the local security staff blazed onto the scene in their vehicles, swiftly arresting the youths. Jeremy stood up to leave, only feet away from Happy Endings. Then, one of the security personnell grabed his shoulder. "Here's your bill for being saved. You're lucky we were here. You could have died." Jeremy looked at him spitting out the credit stick.

"Bill?" Jeremy said, confused. 

"Yeah, did you think security services were free? Haha. Look either pay the bill now or we arrest you too for disturbing the peace and being targeted." They said coldly. "If you arrest me, the jail fees will be even higher man. Look, I'm just doing my job ok? Don't make this difficult." Jeremy began to sob and handed them the credit stick as they withdrew the funds. "Thank you, and remember, Stay Safe with SafelyTime". The flashing lights and sirens faded into the distance as they drove off to their next call. 

Jeremy looked down. 777 Credits left. Barely enough for auto-erotic aspyxiation. Still, this was the worst. He couldn't bear life anymore. He wanted his out. He entered the booth. 

Standing before the VisiScreen small animated figured showed his options. There at the top, the Ultimate Orgasm Experienced, highlighted in red as a glowing reminder of his poverty. Far below it, was auto-erotic asphyxiation. "Die like the Stars" was written under it, with pictures of various famous people who died this way. His hand trembled over the interface as he slowly inserted his credit stik. The slow motion movement of his hand to interface ticked every millisecond of life passing by. He could he his past, his family, everything. It was all going to be worth it. Maybe not exactly how he wanted, but at least he would enjoy himself one last time as his burden was removed from this plane of existence. He closed his eyes and inserted the stick into the slot. Then he raised his hand to push the button to begin the proccess. 

"BZZZZT" went the machine to indicate something had gone wrong. His eyes darted open as he looked in horror. His account read only 77 Credits. Swiftly he looked at the time displayed on the VisiScreen. 

12:01 A.M.

He was too late. He wasn't careful enough. He was under pressure and he forgot, just like always. His memory asphyxia the final cruel joke of his life. Now there was nothing left. Surely whatever death awaited him at 77 credits was better than the cruel irony of fate he had found himself in. He looked down, towards the very bottom of the list to see what was available. 

Only one button was left highlighted, "The Ceaser Special - Go out like an Emperor". Six assistants would reach their hands into the booth and violently stab him to death. He hung his head in shame as the words "No Refunds" flashed below his current balance. 

The next morning Jeremy showed up for work at the diner. Same grease, same smell, same coworkers. He slowly worked his way through the motions again as his boss yelled at him, the flat top burned his skin, and his coworkers droned on meaninglessly about what they were going to buy next. One of them looked over at Jeremy. 

"Hey man, we're all going to the beach next weekend. You wanna join us?", said his cowoker. Another one asked why he invited him, but the one giving the invitation was nice enough to tell him to shut up. 

Jeremy looked back and gave a weak smile. "Nah man, I'm saving up for something good."
